[Debug] typo (#8743)
pingcap/docs: develop/dev-guide-troubleshoot-overview.md

---
title: SQL or Transaction Issues

> summary: Describes the problems that may occur during application development and related documents.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
summary: Learn how to troubleshoot SQL or transaction issues that might occur during application development.
```
